Add configuration subentries to Scrape (#39939)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/scrape.markdown

    title: Configuration file
---

The **Scrape** sensor {% term integration %} scrapes information from websites. The sensor loads an HTML page, and allows you to search and extract specific values. As this is not a fully featured web scraper like [scrapy](https://scrapy.org/), it will work with simple web pages and it can be time-consuming to get the right section.

Both UI and [YAML setup](#yaml-configuration) is supported while YAML provides additional configuration possibilities.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

{% note %}

> Scrape uses configuration sub entries for configuring the sensors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scrape uses configuration subentries for configuring the sensors.
```

1. Setup the resource configuration once per resource you want to scrape information from.

> 2. Create one or multiple configuration sub entries per sensor you want to create by scraping the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create one or multiple configuration subentries per sensor you want to create by scraping the website.
```
